feat(element-templates): add element template generation feature for c7 (#73)
FlowSquad/miranum: examples/simple-example/README.md

        version = "0.0.1")
public Answer sendMessage(final SendMessageCommand message) {
        return new Answer("answer to: " + message.getName());
}
```

Additionally, when deciding for which Workflow-Engine you are going to build your project for you have to add the concrete
dependency of the element-templates generator to your maven project. \
Below is the maven dependency needed for Camunda Platform 7::

```xml
<dependency>
   <groupId>io.miragon.miranum</groupId>
   <artifactId>element-templates-c7</artifactId>
   <version>0.1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

To further customize the generated element templates you can add the @ElementTemplateProperty annotation to the input and output parameter of your worker definition. \
For example we can change the name, type and constraints on the properties of the SendMessageCommand:

```java
class SendMessageCommand {
    @ElementTemplateProperty(name = "Message", type = "String", required = true)
    private String name;

    @ElementTemplateProperty(name = "Correlation Key", type = "String", required = true)
    private String key;
}
```

The element templates are then generated on startup of the main project. \

> Currently they are stored in the `classes/element-templates` directory inside the `target` folder of the main project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently they are stored in the `classes/element-templates` directory inside the `target` folder of the main project. It might be necessary to reload the directory from disk to be able to see the generated element-template when using IntelliJ. 
```

Now you can simply start the process instance and view the log in the application console.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

> ### Generate element templates

Reviewer: ⚒️ Please specify that this feature is currently only available for Camunda Platform 7 right a the top.

> ### Generate element templates

Reviewer 2: In the current implementation a Bean is created during the application startup, which is responsible for scanning the annotations of the current project and generating the element-templates. 
A build script is able to execute code as well, but since there is no application to scan (at this point), it won't work with our implementation.

> This examples also demonstrates how you can make use of the miranum element-templates generation feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example also demonstrates how you can make use of the miranum element-templates generation feature
```

which lets you generate element templates for your worker definitions. \

> To use the element template generation feature you have to add the @GenerateElementTemplates annotation to your worker definition method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the element template generation you have to add the @GenerateElementTemplates annotation to the method of your Miranum worker.
```

To be able to use this annotation you have to add the miranum-core dependency or just the element-template-api dependency to your maven project.

```xml
<dependency>
   <groupId>io.miragon.miranum</groupId>
   <artifactId>element-template-api</artifactId>
   <version>0.1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

> When using the @GenerateElementTemplate annotation you have to specify some properties of your element template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some properties are required when using the @GenerateElementTemplate annotation:
```

```java
@Worker(type = "sendMessage")
@GenerateElementTemplate(name = "Send Message",
        id = "send-message",
        type = "sendMessage",
        appliesTo = {BPMNElementType.BPMN_SERVICE_TASK},
        version = "0.0.1")
public Answer sendMessage(final SendMessageCommand message) {
        return new Answer("answer to: " + message.getName());
}
```

Additionally, when deciding for which Workflow-Engine you are going to build your project for you have to add the concrete
dependency of the element-templates generator to your maven project. \

> Here for Camunda 7:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the maven dependency needed for Camunda Platform 7: 
```

```xml
<dependency>
   <groupId>io.miragon.miranum</groupId>
   <artifactId>element-templates-c7</artifactId>
   <version>0.1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
```

To further customize the generated element templates you can add the @ElementTemplateProperty annotation to the input and output parameter of your worker definition. \
For example we can change the name, type and constraints on the properties of the SendMessageCommand:

```java
class SendMessageCommand {
    @ElementTemplateProperty(name = "Message", type = "String", required = true)
    private String name;

    @ElementTemplateProperty(name = "Correlation Key", type = "String", required = true)
    private String key;
}
```

The element templates are then generated on startup of the main project. \

> Currently they are stored inside the `element-templates` directory in the resource folder of the main project.

Reviewer: 💭 Remember to update this sentence in case the generated files are stored somewhere else.

> After generating the element templates you can start using them in your bpmn diagrams inside the Camunda Modeler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> *To see how to use element templates and for more information on this topic, please refer to the [camunda documentation](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/element-templates/about-templates/).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*To use element templates in the Camunda Modeler please refer to the [camunda documentation](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/element-templates/about-templates/).*
```
